Recommendation on media types (#141)
oauth-wg/oauth-identity-chaining: draft-ietf-oauth-identity-chaining.md

# IANA Considerations {#IANA}

## Media Types
This specification does not define any new media types.

> It is RECOMMEDED that any profile or deployment specific implementation adopt explicit typig as defined in JSON Web Token Best Current Practices {{RFC8725}} and define a new media type {{RFC2046}} in the "Media Types" registry {{IANA.MediaTypes}} in the manner described in {{RFC6838}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is RECOMMENDED that any profile or deployment-specific implementation adopt explicit typing as defined in JSON Web Token Best Current Practices {{RFC8725}} and define a new media type {{RFC2046}} in the "Media Types" registry {{IANA.MediaTypes}} in the manner described in {{RFC6838}}.
```
